[libc++] Make std::align an inline function (#167472)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/ReleaseNotes/22.rst

  iterators, resulting in a performance improvement for ``std::deque<short>`` and
  ``std::join_view<vector<vector<short>>>`` iterators.

> - The performance of ``align`` has been improved about 2x by making it an inline function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The performance of ``align`` has been improved by making it an inline function, which allows the compiler to better optimize calls to it.
```
